updating mentions of overseas on the website (#4356)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/train-to-be-a-teacher/assessment-only-route-to-qts.md

Or, find other ways you can [train to be a teacher](/train-to-be-a-teacher).

> ### If you're based outside the UK or are a non-UK citizen

Reviewer: Might be clearer to say 'live outside the UK'? how do we define 'based'?

Author: ```suggestion
### If you live outside the UK or are a non-UK citizen
```
